Executing docker ps -a --format table {{.Names}}\t{{.Image}}\t{{.Status}}\t{{.RunningFor}}
NAMES                                 IMAGE                              STATUS                      CREATED
smf                                   free5gc/smf:v3.3.0                 Up 18 minutes               21 minutes ago
smf2                                  free5gc/smf:v3.3.0                 Up 18 minutes               21 minutes ago
upf2                                  free5gc/upf:v3.3.0                 Up 18 minutes               21 minutes ago
suricata_1                            jasonish/suricata:latest           Exited (1) 14 hours ago     14 hours ago
ue24                                  free5gc/ueransim:latest            Exited (255) 10 days ago    2 weeks ago
ue13                                  free5gc/ueransim:latest            Exited (255) 10 days ago    2 weeks ago
ue14                                  free5gc/ueransim:latest            Exited (255) 10 days ago    2 weeks ago
ue23                                  free5gc/ueransim:latest            Exited (255) 10 days ago    2 weeks ago
container-monitoring-prometheus-1     prom/prometheus:v2.46.0            Exited (255) 5 days ago     3 weeks ago
server_12                             ubuntu-uofr:latest                 Exited (137) 14 hours ago   4 weeks ago
server_22                             ubuntu-uofr:latest                 Exited (137) 14 hours ago   4 weeks ago
server_11                             ubuntu-uofr:latest                 Exited (137) 14 hours ago   4 weeks ago
server_21                             ubuntu-uofr:latest                 Exited (137) 14 hours ago   4 weeks ago
ue22                                  free5gc/ueransim:latest            Exited (255) 10 days ago    4 weeks ago
ue12                                  free5gc/ueransim:latest            Exited (255) 10 days ago    4 weeks ago
ue21                                  free5gc/ueransim:latest            Exited (255) 10 days ago    4 weeks ago
ue11                                  free5gc/ueransim:latest            Exited (255) 10 days ago    4 weeks ago
container-monitoring-grafana-1        grafana/grafana:10.0.3             Exited (255) 5 days ago     6 weeks ago
container-monitoring-cadvisor-1       gcr.io/cadvisor/cadvisor:v0.47.2   Exited (255) 5 days ago     6 weeks ago
container-monitoring-nodeexporter-1   prom/node-exporter:v1.6.1          Exited (255) 5 days ago     6 weeks ago
ue32                                  free5gc/ueransim:latest            Exited (0) 6 weeks ago      7 weeks ago
ue31                                  free5gc/ueransim:latest            Exited (0) 6 weeks ago      7 weeks ago
ueransim-gnb31                        free5gc/ueransim:latest            Exited (0) 6 weeks ago      7 weeks ago
smf3                                  free5gc/smf:v3.3.0                 Exited (0) 6 weeks ago      7 weeks ago
upf3                                  free5gc/upf:v3.3.0                 Exited (0) 6 weeks ago      7 weeks ago
ueransim-gnb11                        free5gc/ueransim:latest            Exited (255) 10 days ago    8 weeks ago
ueransim-gnb21                        free5gc/ueransim:latest            Exited (255) 10 days ago    8 weeks ago
udr                                   free5gc/udr:v3.3.0                 Up 18 minutes               8 weeks ago
ausf                                  free5gc/ausf:v3.3.0                Up 18 minutes               8 weeks ago
pcf                                   free5gc/pcf:v3.3.0                 Up 18 minutes               8 weeks ago
amf                                   free5gc/amf:v3.3.0                 Up 18 minutes               8 weeks ago
nssf                                  free5gc/nssf:v3.3.0                Up 18 minutes               8 weeks ago
chf                                   free5gc/chf                        Up 18 minutes               8 weeks ago
udm                                   free5gc/udm:v3.3.0                 Up 18 minutes               8 weeks ago
nrf                                   free5gc/nrf:v3.3.0                 Up 18 minutes               8 weeks ago
webui                                 free5gc/webui:v3.3.0               Up 18 minutes               8 weeks ago
mongodb                               mongo:4.4.15                       Up 18 minutes               8 weeks ago
